ACHIEVING PEAK PERFORMANCE THROUGH OPTIMIZING HEALTH
Account
SIGN IN
BOOKINGS
ORDERS
MY ACCOUNT

1-ON-1 COACHING TO ACHIEVE PEAK PERFORMANCE
JP Methods
Helping you reach the top 1% of the 1% in your domain
Remote and In-Person Packages Available

FOLLOW ME ON SOCIAL FOR UPDATES.

JP Methods-Where We Achieve Peak Performance By Optimizing Health
JP Methods-Where We Achieve Peak Performance By Optimizing Health
JP Methods-Where We Achieve Peak Performance By Optimizing Health

My Blog
ACHIEVE PEAK PERFORMANCE TODAY

Sports Performance
Having coached numerous Olympians, MLB All Stars, Cy Young award winners, NBA Champions, Super Bowl champions, World Champion boxers, professional golfers, soccer athletes, BJJ fighters and more, no matter your sport, I will be able to create a customized and fully encompassing program for you, including; speed, agility, strength, power, endurance, and mobility work, in order to maximize your athletic potential.

Consulting
With nearly a decade of coaching experience at the Division 1 and professional level, I have learned from the top performance coaches and minds in the world.  I now utilize my knowledge and expertise to provide consultations to coaches and trainers at all levels, remote or in-person, providing them with program design and/or auditing, the implementation of sport specific speed and energy system development protocols, creating injury prevention and return to play plans, and whatever else we feel is necessary for you to take your performance program and athletes to the next level.

Blood Panel Analysis
Blood analysis is the one true tell of your health.  Despite falling into "normal" ranges, you may still not feel like you are your best true self.  The reason for this? These normal ranges are based on the average of our population, which is largely obese, inflamed, sick, and tired.  As a Certified Metabolic Health Professional, after analyzing your results, I will create a fully individualized and customized plan of action to get you not only to 'normal' ranges, but OPTIMAL ranges, in order to help you not only feel, but also perform at your peak performance levels.

Weight Loss
My weight loss program is designed to help you lose weight safely and effectively. I will provide you with the support and guidance you need to achieve life-lasting weight loss goals through establishing long-term habits and lifestyle changes.

Gut Reset
Your gut is your second brain.  I am sure you have heard the phrase 'you are what you eat', but in reality, you are what you digest. Without a healthy gut microbiome, you are not able to digest ample nutrients through your diet, this may also result in you feeling tired, sluggish, bloated, and likely will lead to chronic inflammation which is a primary cause for many illnesses and diseases.

Cognitive Coaching
In order to be the top 1% of the 1% in your field of practice, whether you are an athlete, lawyer, doctor, CEO, or stay-at-home parent, your brain must be firing at its full capacity to provide you the energy, focus, drive, and motivation to be elite.  With my cognitive coaching, we will employ proven stress reduction strategies and work through a customized nootropic protocol to eliminate any brain fog, and to ensure you are limitless in your abilities to perform at your peak levels!

Chronic Disease Management
My chronic disease management program is designed to help you manage* chronic conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, and arthritis. With my expertise, I will work with you to develop a personalized plan that helps you manage your symptoms and improve your quality of life.
*I am not a doctor nor claiming to cure any ailments or diseases, simply helping you manage your conditions in a safe and responsible manner.

CLIENT TESTIMONIALS
Alex, 32 New Zealand -Boxing
I have been into combat sports since my teenage years and have always struggled to find a coach that could dynamically work with me.
I flew into Miami looking for a sharp trainer and luckily I found Jake.  He knows his functional movements extremely well, along with the pros and cons of each exercise and movement.  
I enjoyed our in-person sessions so much that I have been working with him through his remote coaching program ever since, and am looking forward to flying back to Miami soon to train with him in-person again.

Andrew, 25M Ireland -Soccer
From the initial consultation with Jake, I knew I was making the right decision by handing my training and rehab over to his expertise.  
Jake has reassured me every step of the way through my MCL rehab, and has kept me accountable the entire time.
His programming really is tailored to my needs, and consistently altered with constant feedback after my training sessions.
He makes himself available 24/7 and I am looking forward to continuing working with him well beyond my rehab process.

WHO WE ARE AT JP METHODS
My Philosophy
Health Drives Performance. 
Whether you are an athlete, lawyer, doctor, CEO, or stay-at-home parent, if you want to perform at your highest level, you must begin by optimizing your health.
Through a holistic approach, including but not limited to fitness, nutrition, supplementation, healthy and positive lifestyle habits and routines, we will work together to make you one of the elite performers in your field of practice.

My Expertise
Over the past decade I have experience coaching Olympians, NBA & Super Bowl champions, MLB All-Stars & Cy Young Award Winners, and more.
I am highly trained and experienced in a variety of areas, including; nutrition, strength, power, and speed development, return to performance (injury) rehabilitation, stress management, & lifestyle modifications.

CONTACT ME
Drop me a line!
Name
Email*

COPYRIGHT © 2024 ACHIEVING PEAK PERFORMANCE THROUGH OPTIMIZING HEALTH - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
